Adults didn't find anything
Lord Lin, am I right?
It was all designed by a thief named Lin Yi
The purpose is to frame me
Wait for Lin Yi
This official is here
He sent someone to inform
Then am I right?
Everything is done by paranormal beings, Lord Wei
Why do you have to frame me?
This is not evidence. All the evidence is there
How did you get into my house?
Of course it came from the secret passage
And caught three villains from the secret passage
Should Lord Wei reward me?
I also commend you
Right.
Three thieves have snuck into your watchhouse
He also wants to use the secret passage of the Supervision Palace to escape
I caught the archduke like the original
Shouldn't it be rewarded?
I am mighty
What he said is true
This is blatant slander
Sir, you have to believe me
Witness and evidence records
How can I believe you?
Man, take down Wei Wu and the traitor for me
Jail
After listening, send the building
Sir, you have to believe me
Sir, you have to believe me.
The adult is Lin Yi
This officer will stay here for some time
Return to Beijing with this official when you leave
This this
I see.
The thief dog official comes out
Thank you all for your help today
Everyone go away
Thank you, shopkeeper
I also want to thank President Lin
Gave me this bad breath
Hmph, what about this person with money inlaid teeth?
Arrogant form
This is not his Xianyang Road
Who can provoke him?
President of Yanxia Huaishui Road Association
The position of president of the Xianyang Dao Guild is vacant
Annual president if different
I can use my connections to help you
Thanks a lot